# ML-Software-Architect-and-Design
Recently, machine learning (ML) technology has become widespread. They are used in a variety of areas, including network protection, IoT, and self-sufficient vehicles. ML technology relies on science and computer programming. Science is used to perform calculations, develop the ability to extract from input information, and create agent models. Programming, on the other hand, is used for execution and heartfelt execution. Much of the work also explores the science of software engineering in which ML technology is manufactured, but few have analyzed its implementation, raising many concerns. The first is the product complexity of ML technology. The second is the type of execution that you can access, such as execution and reliability. The third is the type of model that can be affected by product defects. If developers can demonstrate the feasibility of implementing the ML approach, these concerns may be mitigated. Therefore, experts and experts focus on best practices in addition to designing and programming the ML framework to solve problems related to programming complexity and the nature of ML technology. Such practices are often formalized as construction and design patterns, embodying reusable answers to problems that commonly occur within certain settings of the ML framework and programming design. Machine learning (ML) technology has proven to be more prevalent. ML technology relies on mathematics and programming. Analysts and professionals focus on the best samples and strive to design and program ML frameworks  that take into account the complexity and quality issues of site programming. Such design samples are often formalized as build and design patterns by entering reusable answers to common problems in a particular environment. However, accurate reports on the collection, characterization, and research of these design patterns in computer programming (SE) of the ML method still do not seem to be understood. This collects good / bad SE design patterns for ML techniques and allows developers to fully characterize such patterns. In this report, the basic results of an accurate written audit (SLR) of good / bad design patterns in ML.
